Update continuous-integration-faqs.md (#7389)
harness/developer-hub: kb/continuous-integration/continuous-integration-faqs.md

No. Your build infrastructure can be configured to use whichever tools you like. For example, Harness Cloud build infrastructure includes pre-installed versions of xcode and other tools, and you can install other tools or versions of tools that you prefer to use. For more information, go to the [CI macOS and iOS development guide](https://developer.harness.io/docs/continuous-integration/development-guides/ci-ios).

> ### What's the difference between `CI_MOUNT_VOLUMES`, `ADDITIONAL_CERTS_PATH`, and `DESTINATION_CA_PATH`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What's the difference between CI_MOUNT_VOLUMES, ADDITIONAL_CERTS_PATH, and DESTINATION_CA_PATH?
```

`CI_MOUNT_VOLUMES` - An environment variable used for CI Build Stages. This variable should be set to a comma-separated list of `source:destination` mappings for certificates where source is the certificate path on the delegate, and destination is the path where you want to expose the certificates on the build containers. For example,

```
- name: CI_MOUNT_VOLUMES
  value: "/tmp/ca.bundle:/etc/ssl/certs/ca-bundle.crt,/tmp/ca.bundle:/kaniko/ssl/certs/additional-ca-cert-bundle.crt"
```

`ADDITIONAL_CERTS_PATH` - An environment variable used for CI Build Stages. This variable should be set to the path where the certificates exist in the delegate. For example,
```
- name: ADDITIONAL_CERTS_PATH
  value: "/tmp/ca.bundle"
```

`DESTINATION_CA_PATH` - An environment variable used for CI Build Stages. This variable should be set to a comma-separated list of files where the certificate should be mounted. For example,
```
- name: DESTINATION_CA_PATH
  value: "/etc/ssl/certs/ca-bundle.crt,/kaniko/ssl/certs/additional-ca-cert-bundle.crt"
```

> `ADDTIONAL_CERTS_PATH` and `CI_MOUNT_VOLUMES` work in tandem to ensure certificates are mounted on the Kubernetes Build Infrastructure where as `DESTINATION_CA_PATH` does not require other environment variables to mount certificates. Instead, `DESTINATION_CA_PATH` relies on the certificate being mounted at `/opt/harness-delegate/ca-bundle` in order to copy the certificate to the provided comma-separated list of file paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ADDTIONAL_CERTS_PATH` and `CI_MOUNT_VOLUMES` work in tandem to ensure certificates are mounted on the Kubernetes Build Infrastructure, whereas `DESTINATION_CA_PATH` does not require other environment variables to mount certificates. Instead, `DESTINATION_CA_PATH` relies on the certificate being mounted at `/opt/harness-delegate/ca-bundle` in order to copy the certificate to the provided comma-separated list of file paths.
```
